.\" See man groff_mdoc for template and other information.
.Dd October 28, 2011
.Os Linux
.Dt SERVICE-POKE-SERVER 8 MSCF
.Sh NAME
.Nm service-poke-server
.Nd service poke server
.Sh SYNOPSIS
service-poke-server [options]

.Sh DESCRIPTION
The service-poke server allows you to on demand kick off services and ensure not too many run.

.Sh OPTIONS
    -f socket_file_name    Name of the socket file the service poke server is listening on.
    -i config.ini          Name of the file containing service configuration.
    -D                     Daemonize.

.Sh EXAMPLES

An example config ini:
    [backup]
    command=dsmc -i

    [svn_rsync]
    command=cd /svn; rsync -avz -e ssh remoteuser@remotehost:/remote/dir .

To start, simply specify a socket name and config file:
    socket-poke-server -f /tmp/poke.sock -i /etc/service-poke.ini

Poking a service:
    socket-poke -f /tmp/poke.sock -s svn_rsync

.Sh COMPATIBILITY
This software was originally designed and built on the Intel x86_64 architecture running Redhat Linux Enterprise 5. While efforts have been made to ensure compatibility, your mileage may vary. If it does, please submit a bug report.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.nf
.Xr service-poke 8
Service Poke Wiki - https://svn.pnl.gov/esp
.fi
.Bl -tag -width Fl
.Sh REPORT BUGS
Please include the version information and problem description at 
https://svn.pnl.gov/esp/newticket
.Sh HISTORY
First availability October 2011.
.Sh BUGS
Note, for the following URL to work, you must be logged into TRAC.
https://svn.pnl.gov/esp/report/1
.Sh AUTHORS
MSCF TEAM (Dave Cowley - PM)        Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratory
.br
MSCF TEAM (Kevin Fox   - Developer) Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratory

